What did you say
Lord God said
Let you go immediately
oath officer
Please hurry up and make rice paper.
Buddha wants to say
The former god of the temple died in battle
Attack Excellence
According to the last wish of the Lord God in front of the temple
Succession of the temple to Yancheng
Zhou Xiao
Ah!
Mr. Xuan Paper Officer
You are
Are you kidding us?
What is he?
What qualifications do you have to be a god?
Receive the word seal and receive the king
Are you questioning the ruler's decision?
Mr. Xuan Paper Officer would rather joke
How dare we question the ruler's decision?
Since the king appointed
Lord Xiao's Temple
That must have been his intention
Even if you become a true prince
I took care of him and killed him again
According to the survey
Zhenguo famous general's mansion
Zhenguo Shenjiang Mansion
The democratic bully has framed the temple many times
Even outreach to the enemy
Persecute former gods
Forcing the Lord God to die in battle
Famous generals from all over the world today
God will and democratic identity will be decided
Make a decision, make a decision
The ruler is unkind
Then don't blame me for being unjust